Clarify Electronic Definition (#66)
CarterKoala/wca-regulations-wrc: wca-regulations.md

- 2g) Competitors must remain quiet when inside the designated competition area. Talking is permitted, but must be kept at a reasonable level, and away from competitors who are actively competing.
    - 2g3) Competitors in a group in progress must not communicate with other competitors in the group about the scrambled states of the group, unless all such competitors are not eligible for any further attempts in the group. Penalty: disqualification of the competitor(s) from the event, at the discretion of the WCA Delegate. Exception: For 3x3x3 Fewest Moves, competitors that have finished their attempt may share the scramble sequence with anyone who is not actively competing in the relevant attempt.
- 2h) Competitors must be appropriately dressed while in the competition venue. At the discretion of the WCA Delegate, competitors may be disqualified from the competition for inappropriate clothing.

> - 2i) While inspecting or solving, competitors must not use electronics or audio equipment (e.g. cell phones, MP3 players, dictaphones, additional lighting) apart from the Stackmat timer or stopwatch. Penalty: disqualification of the attempt (DNF). Any device which has any kind of electronic component is considered an electronic device.

Reviewer: "electronic device" in the addition doesn't match "electronics" in the existing reg. 

On a side note, is there any relevant non-electronic audio equipment, or is "audio equipment" redundant?

Author: ```suggestion
- 2i) While inspecting or solving, competitors must not use electronics (e.g. cell phones, ear buds, additional lighting) apart from the Stackmat timer or stopwatch. Penalty: disqualification of the attempt (DNF). Any item which has any kind of electronic component is considered electronic.
```
I think your point about Audio equipment makes sense. Also, the examples are maybe a bit outdated (MP3 players and dictaphones).
